[docs] add some basic docs about bundler plugins (#8092)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/docs/01-getting-started.md

To try Svelte in an interactive online environment you can try [the REPL](https://svelte.dev/repl) or [StackBlitz](https://node.new/svelte).

To create a project locally we recommend using [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/), the official application framework from the Svelte team:
```
npm create svelte@latest myapp
cd myapp
npm install
npm run dev
```

> SvelteKit will handle calling [the Svelte compiler](https://www.npmjs.com/package/svelte) to convert your `.svelte` files to `.js` and `.css` . It also provides all the other pieces you need to build a web application such as routing and deployment. There are [plugins to handle Svelte compilation](https://sveltesociety.dev/tools#bundling) for all the major web bundlers, but we recommend using [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/), which SvelteKit sets up automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
SvelteKit will handle calling [the Svelte compiler](https://www.npmjs.com/package/svelte) to convert your `.svelte` files into `.js` files that create the DOM and `.css` files that style it. It also provides all the other pieces you need to build a web application such as a development server, routing, and deployment. [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/) utilizes [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) to build your code and handle server-side rendering (SSR). There are [plugins for all the major web bundlers](https://sveltesociety.dev/tools#bundling) to handle Svelte compilation, which will output `.js` and `.css` that you can insert into your HTML, but most others won't handle SSR.
```
